we go do it for the chicas in the d-bus
Michale of ICU i watch your videos and I
learned straight a new I watching one
right now to tell you the truth oops
Shayla just otherwise you'll be looking
welcome to whole world cuz it's all come
back it's your grandma shake I know it
has been forever since I've done a video
guys and I am coming to you guys today
to give you an update on my luxurious
locks hair yeah yeah she's not a virgin
I'm all guys cuz you your girl Donna
yeah she got some cool now and I am
absolutely loving it um I've had this
hair on for let's say when one says like
almost two months now I put it on
originally in December and it is a
closure week you guys know how I do it's
a closure week I put it on in December
think I got the hair like December
second um I made the wig didn't sell my
webs because the web swere pretty nice
if you remember the initial look video
the sneak peek video the whales were
pretty nice so I did not see my webs are
done in the the closure week and I've
been wearing it okay um I think I
switched out maybe once or twice during
that time back to my glamour house of
hair um just because I gets hotter
straight hair yeah I'm straight hair is
boring the knee so I have to do
something to spice it up so that's why I
got the color here um so when I first
got the hair I did have some issues with
shedding and tangling as you can see
this is all day I haven't done anything
to it just came home and started
recording this is my Filipino straight
from luxurious locks y'all love that
company love it okay um out of all the
hair that I've reviewed this is the best
coming next to her she sent me out more
hair which you guys see that I have not
even i'm lazy
I don't know what it is y'all I'm just
getting real lazy so you guys see that I
have not put it I have not done anything
to it but um I contacted her let her
know hey there is tangling and and
I sent her a picture of the shedding and
she's like it it's a lot so she sent me
on more hair so I got three more bundles
of Filipino straight which um I don't
know I need to I probably need to send
it back and get something else because
you guys see okay let me tell you what I
did I washed it I watched it with
clarifying shampoo you know clarifying
shampoo strips everything or whatever is
in the air so I'm thinking that there
was some oil or something in the hair
maybe from me greasing my hair or
whatever and it costs the hair to tango
filipino hair is naturally has a natural
sheen um so you don't need the oil on it
and if you're gonna put it don't put
like i said i'm loving the hair it took
the diaper really well guys only thing i
got was this as you can see that's it
and this is the i have seen oh pretty
much the closure piece i did not go all
the way to the top and that's it and the
color is awesome i love it um like I
said guys as far as the company this is
the best company that I have reviewed
for I love the fact that she is very
responsive if you sent our email she
responds to you I write my review for
companies that you sent him an email and
they don't get back to you for like two
weeks are you serious yeah she responds
and she takes responsibility if
something's wrong everybody get bad
batches every now then you know so she
was like okay well maybe not a bad
bachelor see some more it's now she has
always been responsive I love her
customer service it's awesome so if you
guys were looking at the Filipino strain
on luxurious locks I will be back with a
final review on this but I wanted you
guys to see the update on
here the hair is absolutely gorgeous
still young gorgeous okay I get a lot of
compliments 20 they work um like I said
the hair was virgin hair the tips or
brown if you can see that and the hair
is like a 1 B maybe kind of color like
that with the brown tips when I could
chew on the tips and then I just went in
in the net I've done some more layering
as well so yeah but guys that is it for
my update i will be doing some more
videos real soon guys I know but I have
been through it I've been sick pretty
some of you guys know I had the flu yeah
116 dollars for prescription was not
cute to me okay um so I had the flu then
christmas came around i got a new puppy
have to show you guys so she's so cute
got a new puppy and been kind of working
with her and I've just been really busy
working yeah i work monday to friday
okay i'm selling me monday through
friday they've been sneaking these
saturdays and on me like oh you have to
work the sector would so yeah it's been
rough but i'm gonna start doing more
videos again I'm not gonna tell you what
it's going to be about um probably just
gonna be my hair I have been sharpened I
haven't been posting those either so um
but that is it check out luxurious locks
I will be back with a final review but
right now I am still wearing my hair boo
cuz I'm loving it and I just died today
so now has a new spice a new life for me
so hmm might be wearing a little longer
but I'm absolutely loving the hair guys
um thanks for watching your girl will be
back with more updates and probably more
hair okay thanks for watching bye
you